What interests you in working here?

I see working at Ragan as an opportunity to contribute to an exciting, forward thinking company who's values focused in being an advocate for change in the industry—and beyond—parallel my own. I am energize by the ability—through the work I am doing—to be able to provide a service that helps the industry reimagine what's possible and find greater clarity, purpose and passion within its respected field. I view Ragan as a continued celebration of innovation, diversity, and one that is constantly challenging the status quo.

Overall, this job suits me and my experience as I have been looking for the opportunity to get involved in ‘X and Y’ which directly links to my previous roles where I had extended experience dealing with ‘Y and Z’. I feel there would be a lot of opportunities for me to grow in my role and further my knowledge in ‘X’ and progress my career.



That was one of the greatest rewards working in healthcare is seeing the impact the work you do has on community sustainability, and the overall health and well- being of a population. The same holds true with Trinity and it’s ability to unleash hidden potential with all the individuals that access its services.

I value Trinity’s vision to be an innovative health organization and it’s drive to become the national leader in improving community health and health outcomes. The idea of being a trusted health partner for life I believe humanizes the brand, it humanizes health care, and has the potential to inspire empathy and compassion for those that align to it.
Culture is a big thing for me. And, as an innovative institution (as demonstrated by the structure of it’s marketing and technology teams) I see Trinity’s culture lending itself to creative thinking, trial-and-error
learning. No one size fits all approach to a given discipline. In this role, I feel there would be a lot of affordance and opportunity to work across many business segments (which is exciting).

Overall, I see this opportunity as a way to contribute to an exciting/forward-thinking/fast-moving company.




Ragan supports people doing good work. It's growing, and many changes are taking place right now, all for the good of the company. Growth is important, but people are also part of the mix. Creative, fun, flexible and well respected by customers. Treats employees fairly and encourages ideas and innovation. Great place to work.



What is the #1 thing you’d change about the website and why?


Tell us about a project you lead to completion recently. What were the business objectives, how were they achieved and what was the outcome?


We'd like to understand your current team. Please list the job titles of all the people you currently manage.


Please send include three links of sites you lead the creation and build of.
